README.md, before:

# homebridge-mi-flower-care


[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/homebridge-mi-flower-care.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/homebridge-mi-flower-care)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/honkmaster/homebridge-mi-flower-care.svg)](https://david-dm.org/honkmaster/homebridge-mi-flower-care) 
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-lightgrey.svg)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/homebridge-mi-flower-care.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/homebridge-mi-flower-care)

This is a [Homebridge](https://github.com/nfarina/homebridge) plugin for exposing the Xiaomi Flower Care / Flower Mate / Flower Monitor / Mi Flora devices to HomeKit. Historical display of temperature / moisture data is available via HomeKit apps that support graphing (e.g. Elgato Eve).

<img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/honkmaster/homebridge-mi-flower-care/master/images/flower_care.jpg />


## Installation

### Prerequisites

#### System dependencies

This plugin is using [node-mi-flora](https://github.com/demirhanaydin/node-mi-flora) / [Noble](https://github.com/noble/noble) in the background with the same package dependencies. You can install these dependencies using `apt-get`, if not already done.

```
(sudo) apt-get install bluetooth bluez libbluetooth-dev libudev-dev
```

For more details and descriptions for other platforms see the [Noble documentation](https://github.com/noble/noble#readme).


#### MAC address

Ensure you know the MAC address of your Xiaomi Flower Care. You can use `hcitool lescan` to scan for devices. The device will appear as `AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF Flower care` in the list.

### npm

```
(sudo) npm install -g --unsafe-perm homebridge-mi-flower-care
```

## Known Issues

* When using this plugin and 'homebridge-mi-hygrothermograph' no data will be receviced.

## Example Configuration

```
{
  "accessory": "mi-flower-care",
  "name": "Golden cane palm",
  "deviceId": "AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF",
  "interval": 300
}
``` 

| Key           | Description | Optional / Required |
|---------------|-------------|---------------------|
| accessory     | Has to be `mi-flower-care`. | Required |
| name          | The name of this accessory. This will appear in your HomeKit app. | Required |
| deviceId      | The MAC address of your Xiaomi Flower Care device. | Required |
| interval      | Frequency of data refresh in seconds. Minimum: 1 (not recommended); Maximum: 600 (due to FakeGato). | Required |
| humidityAlertLevel | Humidity level in percent used to trigger the humidity alert contact sensor. | Optional |
| lowLightAlertLevel |  Low light level in Lux used to trigger a low light alert contact sensor. | Optional |

Typical values for `humidityAlertLevel`are 30 (%) and 2000 (Lux) for `lowLightAlertLevel`. 

## Running

Due to Bluetooth access, Homebridge **must** run with elevated privileges to work correctly i.e. sudo or root.

## Note

The plugins is using Bluetooth LE (Low Energy) to connect to the Xiaomi Flower Care devices. Therefore, the first measured values are only visible after the first broadcast of the sensor. Up to this point the plugin is marked as inactive in HomeKit. In the worst case, the waiting time can last up to several minutes. Just have a little patience.

## Credits

* lucavb - homebridge-mi-flora
* demirhanaydin - node-mi-flora
* simont77 - fakegato-history

## Legal

Xiaomi and Mi are registered trademarks of BEIJING XIAOMI TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.

This project is in no way affiliated with, authorized, maintained, sponsored or endorsed by BEIJING XIAOMI TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries.

Commit message:

Add battery level warning config

README.md, after:

# homebridge-mi-flower-care


[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/homebridge-mi-flower-care.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/homebridge-mi-flower-care)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/honkmaster/homebridge-mi-flower-care.svg)](https://david-dm.org/honkmaster/homebridge-mi-flower-care) 
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-lightgrey.svg)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/homebridge-mi-flower-care.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/homebridge-mi-flower-care)

This is a [Homebridge](https://github.com/nfarina/homebridge) plugin for exposing the Xiaomi Flower Care / Flower Mate / Flower Monitor / Mi Flora devices to HomeKit. Historical display of temperature / moisture data is available via HomeKit apps that support graphing (e.g. Elgato Eve).

<img src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/honkmaster/homebridge-mi-flower-care/master/images/flower_care.jpg />


## Installation

### Prerequisites

#### System dependencies

This plugin is using [node-mi-flora](https://github.com/demirhanaydin/node-mi-flora) / [Noble](https://github.com/noble/noble) in the background with the same package dependencies. You can install these dependencies using `apt-get`, if not already done.

```
(sudo) apt-get install bluetooth bluez libbluetooth-dev libudev-dev
```

For more details and descriptions for other platforms see the [Noble documentation](https://github.com/noble/noble#readme). At the moment [Noble](https://www.npmjs.com/package/noble) does not support [Node 10](https://github.com/noble/node-bluetooth-hci-socket/issues/84). Please use Node 9 if you want to use this plugin, untis the issues with Noble are resolved.



#### MAC address

Ensure you know the MAC address of your Xiaomi Flower Care. You can use `hcitool lescan` to scan for devices. The device will appear as `AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF Flower care` in the list.

### npm

```
(sudo) npm install -g --unsafe-perm homebridge-mi-flower-care
```

## Known Issues

* When using this plugin and 'homebridge-mi-hygrothermograph' no data will be receviced.

## Example Configuration

```
{
  "accessory": "mi-flower-care",
  "name": "Golden cane palm",
  "deviceId": "AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF",
  "interval": 300
}
``` 

| Key           | Description | Optional / Required |
|---------------|-------------|---------------------|
| accessory     | Has to be `mi-flower-care`. | Required |
| name          | The name of this accessory. This will appear in your HomeKit app. | Required |
| deviceId      | The MAC address of your Xiaomi Flower Care device. | Required |
| interval      | Frequency of data refresh in seconds. Minimum: 1 (not recommended); Maximum: 600 (due to FakeGato). | Required |
| humidityAlertLevel | Humidity level in percent used to trigger the humidity alert contact sensor. | Optional |
| lowLightAlertLevel |  Low light level in Lux used to trigger a low light alert contact sensor. | Optional |
| lowBatteryWarningLevel |  Battery level used to trigger low battery warning. | Optional |

Typical values for `humidityAlertLevel`are 30 (%), 2000 (Lux) for `lowLightAlertLevel`, and 10 (%)  for `lowBatteryWarningLevel`. 

## Running

Due to Bluetooth access, Homebridge **must** run with elevated privileges to work correctly i.e. sudo or root.

## Note

The plugins is using Bluetooth LE (Low Energy) to connect to the Xiaomi Flower Care devices. Therefore, the first measured values are only visible after the first broadcast of the sensor. Up to this point the plugin is marked as inactive in HomeKit. In the worst case, the waiting time can last up to several minutes. Just have a little patience.

## Credits

* lucavb - homebridge-mi-flora
* demirhanaydin - node-mi-flora
* simont77 - fakegato-history

## Legal

Xiaomi and Mi are registered trademarks of BEIJING XIAOMI TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.

This project is in no way affiliated with, authorized, maintained, sponsored or endorsed by BEIJING XIAOMI TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries.
